Update README.md (#11)
owncloud/config-to-docs: README.md

	composer update

## Rules

> Currently this relies on following rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently this relies on the following rules
```

 * The main files are always in core. Any changes must be done there. Config sample changes made in docs will be overwritten by the next `config-to-docs` run
 * On any changes made to a config sample file in core, you *MUST* run `make test-php-style-fix` to check if changes made fulfill the php requirements 
 * Each config sample file in core must start with `<?php`, a first comment block describing general rules for this file embedded in `/**` ` */` and the main array `$CONFIG = [];`
 * All configs have to be written inside the brackets of `$CONFIG = [];`
 * If not already present in docs, you have to have for each config file one with a predefined header content. This content is reused as descriptive content on each run and is not replaced by the conversion process. The header follows the asciidoc style and is a necessary part of the rendering process
 * All text added by the conversion process will be added *below* the `// header end do not delete or edit this line` line. Existing content will always be replaced.

>  * Changes to the header can be part of a `config-to-docs` run, but mast be made manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Changes to the header can be part of a `config-to-docs` run, but must be made manually.
```

>  * Each config section must have exact one descriptive comment block for the config and directly following at minimum one or more comment blocks describing the key/value and a uncommented line with the key/value itself. `key/value` must follow php syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Each config section must have exactly one descriptive comment block for the config and directly following at minimum one or more comment blocks describing the key/value and a uncommented line with the key/value itself. `key/value` must follow php syntax.
```

 * If you have multiple keys for the same comment section, separate them with a blank line, which is necessary for the documentation generation process.

>  * The first text line in the first comment block of a config section is used as text for the table of contents. Write brief and carefully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The first text line in the first comment block of a config section is used as text for the table of contents. Keep it short and distinct.
```

>  * Use RST syntax in comment lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Use RST syntax in comment lines.
```

For a detailed list of arguments and options, use `--help`.

## How to use

> To ease the conversion process, the following steps / prerequisites should be taken:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ease the conversion process, the following steps should be taken and prerequisites met:
```

>  * You have cloned `core`, `docs` and the `config-to-docs` repo locally, into the same base directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * You have cloned `core`, `docs` and the `config-to-docs` repo locally into the same base directory.
```

>  * `core`: the master branch should be checked out, containing the latest merged sample files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `core`: Check out the master branch containing the latest merged sample files.
```

>  * `docs`: you have created a new branch based on an updated master, this branch will contain all changes that will be pushed to docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `docs`: Create a new branch based on an updated master. This branch will contain all changes that will be pushed to docs.
```

>  * `config-to-docs`: you have changed into the root of this directory and are ready to run the commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `config-to-docs`: Change into the root of this directory and get ready to run the commands.
```

> Use the following commands for each sample file, or the prepared script `./ctd.sh` which runs both commands below and reminds you about the prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following commands for each sample file or the prepared script `./ctd.sh` which runs both commands below and reminds you about the prerequisites.
```

  --output-file=../docs/modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/config_apps_sample_php_parameters.adoc
```

## Advice

> When doing changes in the core config sample files or when changes have been already made, regulary do a `config-to-docs` run to check the result. Check the result of the converted file in docs via the browser having an asciidoc previewer enabled. When satisfied, mandatory run in core `make test-php-style-fix`, fix any problems that might raise and recheck the result in the browser. Changes made in core must be merged *before* changes are pushed to docs. When final, push the changes to docs and create a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When doing changes in the core config sample files or when changes have already been made, regularly do a `config-to-docs` run to check the result. Check the result of the converted file in docs via the browser having an asciidoc previewer enabled. When satisfied, it's mandatory to run `make test-php-style-fix` in core. Fix any problems that might arise and recheck the result in the browser. Changes made in core must be merged *before* changes are pushed to docs. When done, push the changes to docs and create a PR.
```
